More text on SPA (#127)
quicwg/ops-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-applicability.md

if present. This supports cases where address information changes, such as
NAT rebinding, intentional change of the local interface, or based on an
indication in the handshake of the server for a preferred address to be used.

> As such if the client knows or is likely to sit behind a NAT, use of the

Reviewer: Even if the client knows, it can't communicate that to the server in v1.

```suggestion
As such if the client is known or likely to sit behind a NAT, use of the
```

> Connection ID is strongly recommended. A non-empty Connection ID is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
connection ID is strongly recommended. A non-empty connection ID is
```
I know that this likely offends some proper noun sensibilities, but we use lowercase for connection ID.

> Connection ID is strongly recommended. Further use of the Connection ID is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connection ID is strongly recommended. A non-empty the Connection ID is
```

> connection ID is strongly recommended. A non-empty connection ID is
> generally recommended when migration is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connection ID by the server is strongly recommended. A non-empty server
connection ID is also strongly recommended when migration is supported.
```

> generally recommended when migration is supported.

Author: @martinthomson said:
`This is pretty woolly. I think that you want to say why: identifying the connection that packets are destined for is more challenging if they don't include a connection ID and the source address might have changed. An empty connection ID is only appropriate if the local address is unique, which opens up some negative consequences in terms of providing obvious linkability (though in practice this only works with limited numbers of connections on the target IP+port, so linkability is pretty much a given at that point.)`

I mainly wanted to give a recommendation that if you have no idea if you want/need a connection ID, you should probably have it (assuming that people agree that the right recommendation to give). I can add more explanation and also say something about linkability but I wanted to keep it simple... happy to take suggestions

> generally recommendated when mitragtion is supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
generally recommendated when migration is supported.
```

Reviewer 2: This is pretty woolly.  I think that you want to say why: identifying the connection that packets are destined for is more challenging if they don't include a connection ID and the source address might have changed.  An empty connection ID is only appropriate if the local address is unique, which opens up some negative consequences in terms of providing obvious linkability (though in practice this only works with limited numbers of connections on the target IP+port, so linkability is pretty much a given at that point.)

Author: I mainly wanted to give a recommendation that if you have no idea if you want/need a connection ID, you should probably have it (assuming that people agree that the right recommendation to give). I can add more explanation and also say something about linkability but I wanted to keep it simple... happy to take suggestions

Reviewer 3: We're going to go ahead and merge this for the 109 document deadline submission; please open another issue / provide a PR / haunt us otherwise if this needs more discussion.

However, the probing packets can be used measure path characteristics as
input for the switching decision or the congestion controller on the new path.

Only the client can actively migrate, however, servers can indicate during the
handshake that they prefer to transfer the connection to a different address

> after the handshake, e.g. to move from an address that is shared by multiple

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
after the handshake, e.g., to move from an address that is shared by multiple
```

> after the handshake, e.g. to move from an address that is shared by multiple
> servers to an unicast address. The server can provide an IPv4 and an IPv6

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
after the handshake, e.g., to move from an anycast address to a unicast
address. The server can provide an IPv4 and an IPv6
```

Though it might be better to instead say.

```suggestion
after the handshake, e.g. to move from an address that is shared by multiple
servers to an address that is unique to the server instance. The server can
provide an IPv4 and an IPv6
```

...as that allows for the possibility of both anycast -> unicast transitions and load balanced to non-load balanced transitions both.

> address as transport paramenter during the TLS and the client can select
> between the two if both are provided. See also Section 9.6 of {{!QUIC}}.

Reviewer 4: Tiny nit
```suggestion
address as transport paramenter during the TLS handshake and the client can 
select between the two if both are provided. See also Section 9.6 of {{!QUIC}}.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
address as transport parameter during the TLS handshake and the client can 
select between the two if both are provided. See also Section 9.6 of {{!QUIC}}.
```
Without the typo.

However, the probing packets can be used measure path characteristics as
input for the switching decision or the congestion controller on the new path.

> Only the client can actively migrate, however, servers can indicate during the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the client can actively migrate. However, servers can indicate during the
```

handshake that they prefer to transfer the connection to a different address
after the handshake, e.g. to move from an address that is shared by multiple
servers to an address that is unique to the server instance. The server can

> provide an IPv4 and an IPv6 address as transport parameter during the TLS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provide an IPv4 and an IPv6 address in a transport parameter during the TLS
```
